Mark assembly blocks as memory-safe and update deal price calculation syntax. (#33)
iExecBlockchainComputing/iexec-voucher-contracts: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## vNEXT

> - Set memory safe on assembly codes and compute deal price with ternary. (#33)

Reviewer: Very minor:
```suggestion
- Mark assembly blocks as memory-safe and update deal price calculation syntax. (#33)
```
Or better if you have :)
